README.md, before:

# AWarehouse
## based on
## VR-Game-Jam-Template
### Starter Project using Unity XR Toolkit created for VR Jam 2023

Team Magenta Backpack, also known as Deep Bondi, makes this humble VR game for you to enjoy.
The team members are
- Daniel Henderson
- Vikram Savani (Gittest?!?!?!?!
- Mark Schultz
- other brothers Henderson
- other people?


# Asset Sources
## Models and images
### Warehouse model from Dosch Design Royalty-free 3D-models for 3D-design and animation DVD
I bought some 3D assets on physical CD-Roms for a batmitzvah I worked for Nadine Ramsay's friend's kid. 
My brother and I made a stereo digital camera, and J. Cook made some scripts to pair the images up.
I rented a life-sized horse and a few props, made a background image in Cinema 4D,
and took people's pictures at the party. Had to composite the background with the real-world
photo pair taken against a green screen. Gave the patrons a color print and a stereo pic viewer.
Bought some 3D assets on disk for the project, so I assume my license to use those assets 
is still good.


## Code
### Notes field from https://www.codeproject.com/Tips/1208852/How-to-Add-Comments-Notes-to-a-GameObject-in-Unity#:~:text=In%20order%20to%20add%20a%20note%20to%20a,window%29.%20Here%20is%20an%20example%3A%20...%20More%20items
Hoping notes are script-readable and script-writable.
This code is apparantly some kind of open-source:
This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL).
My lawyer will read the actual license terms when I'm rich.

### Raycasting https://gamedevbeginner.com/raycasts-in-unity-made-easy/#raycast_multiple_objects
Nice simpler explanation of raycasting. 

## Unity techniques

## Sound and Music


Conveyor belt from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQyUACEyAVw


# Learn More About This Project
[<img src="https://i.ytimg.com/vi/apnfGuMI0Dc/maxresdefault.jpg" width="50%">](https://youtu.be/apnfGuMI0Dc)

https://youtu.be/apnfGuMI0Dc

# External Ressources
This project uses a combination of these assets and tutorials :

https://youtu.be/6OT43pvUyfY

https://youtu.be/JCyJ26cIM0Y

https://kenney.nl/assets?q=audio

https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/XR-Interaction-Toolkit-Examples

Commit message:

added warehouse walls stop boxes

README.md, after:

# AWarehouse
## based on
## VR-Game-Jam-Template
### Starter Project using Unity XR Toolkit created for VR Jam 2023

Team Magenta Backpack, also known as Deep Bondi, makes this humble VR game for you to enjoy.
The team members are
- Daniel Henderson
- Vikram Savani (Gittest?!?!?!?!
- Mark Schultz
- other brothers Henderson
- other people?


# Asset Sources
## Models and images
### Warehouse model from Dosch Design Royalty-free 3D-models for 3D-design and animation DVD
I bought some 3D assets on physical CD-Roms for a batmitzvah I worked for Nadine Ramsay's friend's kid. 
My brother and I made a stereo digital camera, and J. Cook made some scripts to pair the images up.
I rented a life-sized horse and a few props, made a background image in Cinema 4D,
and took people's pictures at the party. Had to composite the background with the real-world
photo pair taken against a green screen. Gave the patrons a color print and a stereo pic viewer.
Bought some 3D assets on disk for the project, so I assume my license to use those assets 
is still good.


## Code
### Notes Field
Hoping notes are script-readable and script-writable.
This code is apparantly some kind of open-source:
This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL).
My lawyer will read the actual license terms when I'm rich.
https://www.codeproject.com/Tips/1208852/How-to-Add-Comments-Notes-to-a-GameObject-in-Unity#:~:text=In%20order%20to%20add%20a%20note%20to%20a,window%29.%20Here%20is%20an%20example%3A%20...%20More%20items

### Raycasting Explained
Nice simpler explanation of raycasting. 
 https://gamedevbeginner.com/raycasts-in-unity-made-easy/#raycast_multiple_objects

### Conveyor Belt (better)
This one might take less tweaking,
and keep boxes from rolling.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cSEg7Xm4A9A&t=85s
https://github.com/Jayometric/3D-Conveyor-Belt-for-Unity/blob/main/ConveyorBelt


### Conveyor Belt (original)
Conveyor belt from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQyUACEyAVw

## Unity techniques

## Sound and Music


Conveyor belt from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQyUACEyAVw


# Learn More About This Project
[<img src="https://i.ytimg.com/vi/apnfGuMI0Dc/maxresdefault.jpg" width="50%">](https://youtu.be/apnfGuMI0Dc)

https://youtu.be/apnfGuMI0Dc

# External Ressources
This project uses a combination of these assets and tutorials :

https://youtu.be/6OT43pvUyfY

https://youtu.be/JCyJ26cIM0Y

https://kenney.nl/assets?q=audio

https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/XR-Interaction-Toolkit-Examples
